# Github-RPCServerClient
RPCServerClient
•	This project has one or more Servlets or JSPs to handle requests; it also had an in-memory session data table with some mechanism for garbage-collecting expired entries. It has a gossip-based group membership service, so that every server knows the address of all the other servers. SvrID identifies the server that originally created the session ID, and sess_num is the value of a global variable in that server that is incremented each time a new session ID is created. With multiple servers, the sess_num values will not be globally unique; but the SessIDs, which include the server’s unique SvrID, will be globally unique as required.A Session Version Number is a number that is incremented for every request within a session; it uniquely identifies a version of a given session’s data. Cookie is sent with each client request in an existing session. It contains the SessID and Session Version Number. Distributed session state database consists of multiple server instances that communicate with one another using a simple Remote Procedure Call (RPC) mechanism. For simplicity, the network communication is done using the User Datagram Protocol (UDP). The protocol exploits RPC parallelism, sending a number of requests to different servers, then waiting for the first (or the first few) responses and discarding any remaining responses. When a user clicks one of the website’s buttons, a request is sent through the AWS Elastic Beanstalk load balancer, and is routed to one of the servers. Unless it is the first request in a new session, or its session has timed out, the request will include a CS5300PROJ1SESSION cookie.
